Automatically call useEmulator in Hosting emulator (#2753)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes Cloud Function inspection when using standalone binary release (#2740)
- Release RTDB emulator v4.6.1: Fix emulator crash on invalid `.validate` rules (#2734)
- Fixes lookup empty results using Admin SDK in Auth Emulator.

> - Automatically connect to running emulators from the Hosting emulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically connects to other running emulators from the Firebase Hosting emulator.
```
